shared/channel/FatalChannelError.java
 shared.channel.FatalChannelError
design/persistance/xml/XmlOf.java
 design.persistance.xml.XmlOf
design/converter/ReversibleConverter.java
 design.converter.ReversibleConverter
service/Artist/ArtistServiceError.java
 service.Artist.ArtistServiceError
shared/converter/SpringConverterConfiguration.java
 shared.converter.SpringConverterConfiguration
service/SongArtist/SongArtistRelationServiceError.java
 service.SongArtist.SongArtistRelationServiceError
design/functional/EmptyConsumer.java
 design.functional.EmptyConsumer
service/Artist/ArtistService.java
 service.Artist.ArtistService
design/mediator/RequestResult.java
 design.mediator.RequestResult
shared/properties/PropertiesLoaderError.java
 shared.properties.PropertiesLoaderError
design/persistance/serialization/SerializerConverter.java
 design.persistance.serialization.SerializerConverter
design/channel/BidirectionalChannel.java
 design.channel.BidirectionalChannel
shared/channel/console/ConsoleChannel.java
 shared.channel.console.ConsoleChannel
shared/converter/Song/SongViewModelDeserializer.java
 shared.converter.Song.SongViewModelDeserializer
shared/properties/PropertiesLoader.java
 shared.properties.PropertiesLoader
shared/channel/BaseFileChannel.java
 shared.channel.BaseFileChannel
design/exception/ApplicationException.java
 design.exception.ApplicationException
service/ArtistRecordHouse/ArtistRecordHouseRelationService.java
 service.ArtistRecordHouse.ArtistRecordHouseRelationService
design/channel/ChannelError.java
 design.channel.ChannelError
design/persistance/jpa/EntityModelOf.java
 design.persistance.jpa.EntityModelOf
service/Playlist/PlaylistService.java
 service.Playlist.PlaylistService
design/persistance/db/query/Query.java
 design.persistance.db.query.Query
shared/converter/SimpleDateDeserializer.java
 shared.converter.SimpleDateDeserializer
service/Song/SongViewModel.java
 service.Song.SongViewModel
service/Song/SongServiceError.java
 service.Song.SongServiceError
design/converter/Converter.java
 design.converter.Converter
design/mediator/Mediator.java
 design.mediator.Mediator
design/channel/UploadChannel.java
 design.channel.UploadChannel
design/validation/ValidatorException.java
 design.validation.ValidatorException
shared/converter/SimpleDateSerializer.java
 shared.converter.SimpleDateSerializer
service/PlaylistSong/PlaylistSongRelationViewModel.java
 service.PlaylistSong.PlaylistSongRelationViewModel
design/domain/Composite.java
 design.domain.Composite
design/command/CommandMatcher.java
 design.command.CommandMatcher
design/mediator/RequestHandler.java
 design.mediator.RequestHandler
design/persistance/db/query/DeleteQuery.java
 design.persistance.db.query.DeleteQuery
design/persistance/db/TableModelOf.java
 design.persistance.db.TableModelOf
design/persistance/jpa/EntityModelConverter.java
 design.persistance.jpa.EntityModelConverter
service/PlaylistSong/PlaylistSongRelationService.java
 service.PlaylistSong.PlaylistSongRelationService
design/persistance/db/query/SelectQuery.java
 design.persistance.db.query.SelectQuery
design/persistance/db/query/InsertQuery.java
 design.persistance.db.query.InsertQuery
design/persistance/xml/XmlModelCollection.java
 design.persistance.xml.XmlModelCollection
service/Playlist/PlaylistServiceError.java
 service.Playlist.PlaylistServiceError
shared/converter/Playlist/PlaylistViewModelSerializer.java
 shared.converter.Playlist.PlaylistViewModelSerializer
design/persistance/xml/XmlModel.java
 design.persistance.xml.XmlModel
service/Song/SongService.java
 service.Song.SongService
spring/ApplicationContext.java
 spring.ApplicationContext
design/command/BaseReceiver.java
 design.command.BaseReceiver
design/validation/IdentityValidator.java
 design.validation.IdentityValidator
service/SongArtist/SongArtistRelationService.java
 service.SongArtist.SongArtistRelationService
design/mediator/Request.java
 design.mediator.Request
design/persistance/db/CommandSet.java
 design.persistance.db.CommandSet
design/persistance/db/TableResultConverter.java
 design.persistance.db.TableResultConverter
design/persistance/db/TableModelConverter.java
 design.persistance.db.TableModelConverter
design/persistance/serialization/SerializableOf.java
 design.persistance.serialization.SerializableOf
design/persistance/xml/XmlConverter.java
 design.persistance.xml.XmlConverter
service/Playlist/PlaylistViewModel.java
 service.Playlist.PlaylistViewModel
shared/channel/console/ConsoleStreamError.java
 shared.channel.console.ConsoleStreamError
design/persistance/jpa/EntityModel.java
 design.persistance.jpa.EntityModel
design/domain/RelationConverter.java
 design.domain.RelationConverter
design/channel/DownloadChannel.java
 design.channel.DownloadChannel
shared/converter/Playlist/PlaylistViewModelDeserializer.java
 shared.converter.Playlist.PlaylistViewModelDeserializer
design/persistance/db/TableModel.java
 design.persistance.db.TableModel
design/exception/FatalError.java
 design.exception.FatalError
service/PlaylistSong/PlaylistSongRelationServiceError.java
 service.PlaylistSong.PlaylistSongRelationServiceError
design/command/Command.java
 design.command.Command
design/persistance/db/query/QueryError.java
 design.persistance.db.query.QueryError
service/SongArtist/SongArtistRelationViewModel.java
 service.SongArtist.SongArtistRelationViewModel
design/domain/BaseEntity.java
 design.domain.BaseEntity
design/persistance/db/query/UpdateQuery.java
 design.persistance.db.query.UpdateQuery
service/ArtistRecordHouse/ArtistRecordHouseRelationViewModel.java
 service.ArtistRecordHouse.ArtistRecordHouseRelationViewModel
shared/converter/Song/SongViewModelSerializer.java
 shared.converter.Song.SongViewModelSerializer
design/domain/Relation.java
 design.domain.Relation
design/validation/Validator.java
 design.validation.Validator
shared/converter/Artist/ArtistViewModelSerializer.java
 shared.converter.Artist.ArtistViewModelSerializer
design/persistance/db/Transaction.java
 design.persistance.db.Transaction
service/Artist/ArtistViewModel.java
 service.Artist.ArtistViewModel
service/ArtistRecordHouse/ArtistRecordHouseRelationServiceError.java
 service.ArtistRecordHouse.ArtistRecordHouseRelationServiceError
shared/converter/Artist/ArtistViewModelDeserializer.java
 shared.converter.Artist.ArtistViewModelDeserializer
